Intro text for s7.6. (#92)
tlswg/tls-subcerts: draft-ietf-tls-subcerts.md

## The Impact of Signature Forgery Attacks

> Delegated credentials are only used in TLS 1.3 connections, but the certificate
> used sign a delegated credential may be used in other contexts such as TLS 1.2.
> Using a certificate in multiple contexts opens up a potential cross-protocol
> attack against delegated credentials in TLS 1.3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delegated credentials are only used in TLS 1.3 connections. However, the certificate
that signs a delegated credential may be used in other contexts such as TLS 1.2.
Using a certificate in multiple contexts opens up a potential cross-protocol
attack against delegated credentials in TLS 1.3.
```
